FLOW_AGENT_PROTOCOL: finanzneo-flow-sequential-v1
FINANZNEO_WORLD_ID: finanzneo-connected-studio-v3
FINANZNEO_SERIES_LOCK: finanzneo-same-world-v1
YOUTUBE_VISUAL_WORLD_LOCK: finanzneo-youtube-grounded-3d-black-v1
SOURCE_VISUAL_LANGUAGE: finanzneo-stylized-3d-animated-black-v9
GENERATED_IMAGE_ASPECT_RATIO: 16:9
FINAL FILE NAME: YouTube Bild 18 - Giro zu Tagesgeld.png

Generate exactly ONE image. Wait until it is fully complete. Rename it immediately to the exact final file name above.
Check the literal situation, the German labels, the seamless black world, the top breathing room, the horizontal 16:9 format and the file name.
If any check fails, regenerate the same image number and replace the failed file. Only then continue.
Do NOT attach, upload or reference any other image. Consistency comes from this written style lock alone.

LITERAL FIRST, CREATIVE SECOND
LITERAL_REAL_WORLD_SITUATION: Two real bank statements stand side by side: the everyday current account is covered in transaction lines, the separate savings statement is almost empty and calm.
REAL_WORLD_CONTEXT_ANCHOR: Ordinary German bank paperwork: Girokonto and Tagesgeldkonto.
VOICEOVER_VISUAL_MATCH: The line says a separate Tagesgeld account keeps the reserve apart from the current account while staying quickly available.
TRANSFERABILITY_TEST: PASS — a busy statement next to a calm one, clearly labelled and clearly separated, shows the split without audio.
VISUAL_STRATEGY: literal
METAPHOR_JUSTIFICATION: NONE

CORE IDEA (DE): Alltagsgeld und Reserve liegen bewusst getrennt.
GERMAN LABELS (exactly these, nothing else, small and attached to their object): `Girokonto`, `Tagesgeld`, `Notgroschen`

IMAGE PROMPT
Show TWO real bank account statements standing upright on real printed paper, facing the camera and clearly separated.
Left: a well-used everyday statement densely covered with many small transaction lines, slightly dog-eared, in neutral soft gray, with a small printed label `Girokonto`.
Right: a clean separate savings statement with only one single calm line on it and an emerald accent edge, with a small printed label `Tagesgeld` and a smaller secondary tag `Notgroschen`.
The telling detail is the contrast in density: one page is busy every day, the other is deliberately quiet.
Keep a clean, generous black gap between the two statements so Remotion can animate the transfer between them afterwards.
Both are physical paper with readable thickness, soft edges and contact shadows. The printed lines are plausible texture and stay unreadable.

FINANZNEO STYLE LOCK

RENDERING
Clearly stylized premium 3D animation-film rendering, never photorealistic and never mistakable for a photograph.
Real everyday objects keep their believable proportions, construction and recognizable functional details — a washing machine has a real door seal, a control dial and feet; an invoice has real print layout and paper thickness; a car has real panel gaps, lights and tyres.
Semi-realistic materials with a stylized finish: warm painted metal and plastic, paper and card with readable thickness and soft edges, restrained matte or satin surfaces, controlled texture, no hyper-detail.

NOT A TOY, NOT CLAY
Do NOT produce a clay, plasticine, marzipan, soap-bar or bath-toy look.
Do NOT reduce objects to smooth featureless rounded lumps.
Do NOT build a miniature toy town, toy houses, toy cars or a tabletop diorama.
Rounded edges are allowed as a finish, never as a replacement for the real shape of the object.
Pastel mint or baby-blue plastic surfaces are wrong; use the FinanzNeo colour roles below.

NO TYPOGRAPHY AS A SUBJECT
Never build a word, headline, phrase or number as a large sculpted 3D object.
German labels are small and printed, stamped, engraved, handwritten or hanging as a small tag ON or directly AT the object they describe.
A label must never be the largest or most prominent element in the frame.
Never invent extra text, form fields, table headers, addresses, brand names or placeholder copy on documents. A document shows only the label listed in this prompt plus plausible, unreadable, non-distracting print texture.

ENTERTAINING BUT ALWAYS EXPLAINING
The scene must be enjoyable to look at: real staging, a clear situation, one small telling detail or light exaggeration that makes the point land — an overflowing stack, a part caught mid-fall, a puddle, a drawer left open, an object leaning eagerly toward another.
The explanation always wins over the gag. If the playful detail makes the message less clear, drop it.
Never decorate. Every object in the frame either carries the situation or is removed.

BACKGROUND AND FRAMING
ONE deep seamless black world dominates the frame. A small believable local context around the subject is allowed when it makes the situation credible; it stays secondary and dissolves into the black. No bright room, no studio wall, no floor-wall boundary, no horizon line, no coloured background zones, no particle or glow decor.
Keep calm black breathing room along the TOP edge. The hero sits in the middle and lower two thirds of the frame, so a subheading can later be placed above the image. Nothing important touches the top edge.

LIGHT
Clean soft premium studio lighting: readable highlights, soft readable shadows, strong separation from the black, soft contact shadows, subtle grounded reflections.

COLOUR ROLES
Emerald green: reserve, solution, positive value. Warm red-orange: cost, loss, warning, debt, problem. Warm ivory and soft gray: neutral real objects. Subtle gold: money accent only. Deep black: the world.
Never force a colour onto an object whose meaning does not justify it. No rainbow palette, no neon cyberpunk, no excessive glow.

READABILITY
Horizontal 16:9. One clear main situation. Cause and effect readable in the same frame. Understandable in 1-2 seconds without audio. Hero objects large enough to read on mobile, laptop and TV. Useful negative space, never sterile. Foreground, midground and background depth where it helps.

HARD NO — ALWAYS
Photorealism or any frame mistakable for a real photograph. Stock-photo look. Product-advertisement render. Realistic human being.
Clay, plasticine, soap-bar, marzipan or bath-toy rendering. Featureless rounded blobs. Miniature toy town, toy houses, toy cars, tabletop diorama.
Any word, headline or number built as a large 3D sculpture. Invented text, fake form fields, fake table headers, fake addresses, placeholder copy such as `FinanzNeo V9`.
Safe, vault, strongbox, keyhole box, piggy bank, coin stack, coin pile, treasure chest, shield, upward arrow, glowing money ribbon, plant growing from money, green folder as a recurring motif.
Flat infographic or presentation slide. Dashboard or app UI. Website or app screenshot. Flowchart. Floating info cards.
Sci-fi hologram, cyberpunk neon, excessive glow. Sterile isolated product shot with no situation. Decorative props without meaning. Pasted flat logos. Long text inside the image.

HARD NO — THIS SCENE
Bank app UI, online banking screenshot, letter-shaped logos, real bank branding, plastic bank cards, safe, vault, soap-bar shapes, oversized 3D lettering, invented form fields or addresses.
