FLOW_AGENT_PROTOCOL: finanzneo-flow-sequential-v1
FINANZNEO_WORLD_ID: finanzneo-connected-studio-v3
FINANZNEO_SERIES_LOCK: finanzneo-same-world-v1
YOUTUBE_VISUAL_WORLD_LOCK: finanzneo-youtube-grounded-3d-black-v1
SOURCE_VISUAL_LANGUAGE: finanzneo-stylized-3d-animated-black-v9
GENERATED_IMAGE_ASPECT_RATIO: 16:9
FINAL FILE NAME: YouTube Bild 16 - Auto und Depot.png

Generate exactly ONE image. Wait until it is fully complete. Rename it immediately to the exact final file name above.
Check the literal situation, the German labels, the seamless black world, the horizontal 16:9 format and the file name.
If any check fails, regenerate the same image number and replace the failed file. Only then continue.
Do NOT attach, upload or reference any other image. Consistency comes from this written style lock alone.

LITERAL FIRST, CREATIVE SECOND
LITERAL_REAL_WORLD_SITUATION: A car has a visible brake and wheel damage, an urgent repair invoice lies next to it, and the depot statement sits within reach.
REAL_WORLD_CONTEXT_ANCHOR: Unplanned car repair while invested money is temporarily down.
VOICEOVER_VISUAL_MATCH: The line describes a broken car at the same moment the depot is down by an example 25 percent.
TRANSFERABILITY_TEST: PASS — visible damage, an urgent invoice and the depot document in the same frame set up the forced-sale conflict.
VISUAL_STRATEGY: literal
METAPHOR_JUSTIFICATION: NONE

CORE IDEA (DE): Die Reparatur kann genau dann kommen, wenn das Depot schlecht steht.
GERMAN LABELS (exactly these, nothing else): `Reparatur`

IMAGE PROMPT
Show ONE stylized everyday commuter car from a three-quarter angle with a clearly visible wheel and brake damage, the wheel removed and leaning against the car.
In the foreground, ONE urgent repair invoice card labelled `Reparatur` with a warm red-orange due stamp.
Behind the invoice, ONE upright depot statement card lying face up, neutral and unlabelled, so Remotion can draw the falling curve on it afterwards.
Keep the whole right third of the frame as calm empty black space for the later Remotion -25% chart.
Minimal repair context only: a hint of ground and a single tool. No workshop.

FINANZNEO STYLE LOCK
Clearly stylized premium 3D animation-film rendering, never photorealistic and never mistakable for a photograph.
Real everyday objects keep believable proportions, construction and recognizable details, while the rendering stays visibly stylized.
Semi-realistic materials with a stylized finish: warm painted metal and plastic, paper and card with readable thickness and soft edges, restrained matte or satin surfaces, controlled texture, no hyper-detail.
Soft refined geometry where it fits, but no toy shapes, no icon-pack look, no childish cartoon.
ONE deep seamless black world dominates the frame. A small believable local context around the subject is allowed when it makes the situation credible; it stays secondary and dissolves into the black. No bright room, no studio wall, no floor-wall boundary, no horizon line, no coloured background zones, no particle or glow decor.
Clean soft premium studio lighting: readable highlights, soft readable shadows, strong separation from the black, soft contact shadows, subtle grounded reflections.
Colour roles — emerald green: reserve, solution, positive value. Warm red-orange: cost, loss, warning, debt, problem. Warm ivory and soft gray: neutral real objects. Subtle gold: money accent only. Never force a colour onto an object whose meaning does not justify it. No rainbow palette, no neon cyberpunk, no excessive glow.
Composition — horizontal 16:9, one clear main situation, cause and effect readable in the same frame, understandable in 1-2 seconds without audio, hero objects large enough to read on mobile, laptop and TV. Useful negative space, never sterile. Foreground, midground and background depth where it helps.
Labels — only the short German object labels listed in this prompt, placed directly at the object they describe. No headline, no subtitle, no CTA, no explanatory sentence, no invented brand text, no fake UI copy.

HARD NO — ALWAYS
Photorealism or any frame mistakable for a real photograph, stock-photo look, product-advertisement render, realistic person, flat infographic or presentation slide, dashboard or app UI, website or app screenshot, flowchart, generic vault/shield/coin/arrow finance icon scene without a real situation, recurring green-folder or coin-stack template, piggy bank as a default motif, sci-fi hologram, cyberpunk neon, excessive glow, miniature toy diorama framing, sterile isolated product shot, decorative props without meaning, pasted flat logos, long text inside the image.

HARD NO — THIS SCENE
Complete workshop, mechanic, realistic car render, automotive advertisement, chart drawn inside the generated image, percentage numbers in the image.
