FLOW_AGENT_PROTOCOL: finanzneo-flow-sequential-v1
FINANZNEO_WORLD_ID: finanzneo-connected-studio-v3
FINANZNEO_SERIES_LOCK: finanzneo-same-world-v1
YOUTUBE_VISUAL_WORLD_LOCK: finanzneo-youtube-grounded-3d-black-v1
SOURCE_VISUAL_LANGUAGE: finanzneo-stylized-3d-animated-black-v9
GENERATED_IMAGE_ASPECT_RATIO: 16:9
FINAL FILE NAME: YouTube Bild 15 - Langfristiges Investment.png

Generate exactly ONE image. Wait until it is fully complete. Rename it immediately to the exact final file name above.
Check the literal situation, the German labels, the seamless black world, the top breathing room, the horizontal 16:9 format and the file name.
If any check fails, regenerate the same image number and replace the failed file. Only then continue.
Do NOT attach, upload or reference any other image. Consistency comes from this written style lock alone.

LITERAL FIRST, CREATIVE SECOND
LITERAL_REAL_WORLD_SITUATION: A long row of yearly calendar sheets runs away into the depth, and only at the far end lies the depot letter — the distance is the waiting time.
REAL_WORLD_CONTEXT_ANCHOR: Household paperwork and a calendar that spans many years.
VOICEOVER_VISUAL_MATCH: The line says an ETF can make sense long term but has a different job than the reserve.
TRANSFERABILITY_TEST: PASS — a visibly long run of years with the investment document far away shows the required time horizon without audio.
VISUAL_STRATEGY: literal
METAPHOR_JUSTIFICATION: NONE

CORE IDEA (DE): Investment braucht einen langen Zeithorizont.
GERMAN LABELS (exactly these, nothing else, small and attached to their object): `Langfristig`, `Investment`

IMAGE PROMPT
Show a long row of real yearly calendar sheets standing one behind the other, running away from the camera into the black depth, each a real printed paper sheet with a visible year number, the nearest sheets sharp and the far ones fading into the dark.
A small printed tag `Langfristig` hangs at the near end of the row.
At the far end of the row, small in the distance, ONE depot letter lying flat with a calm rising value line printed on the paper itself and a small tag `Investment`.
The telling detail is the distance: the payoff is genuinely far away.
Warm ivory paper, restrained gold only on the printed value line, one emerald accent on the far calendar sheet.
No desk, no wall, no room. The row floats in the black world.

FINANZNEO STYLE LOCK

RENDERING
Clearly stylized premium 3D animation-film rendering, never photorealistic and never mistakable for a photograph.
Real everyday objects keep their believable proportions, construction and recognizable functional details — a washing machine has a real door seal, a control dial and feet; an invoice has real print layout and paper thickness; a car has real panel gaps, lights and tyres.
Semi-realistic materials with a stylized finish: warm painted metal and plastic, paper and card with readable thickness and soft edges, restrained matte or satin surfaces, controlled texture, no hyper-detail.

NOT A TOY, NOT CLAY
Do NOT produce a clay, plasticine, marzipan, soap-bar or bath-toy look.
Do NOT reduce objects to smooth featureless rounded lumps.
Do NOT build a miniature toy town, toy houses, toy cars or a tabletop diorama.
Rounded edges are allowed as a finish, never as a replacement for the real shape of the object.
Pastel mint or baby-blue plastic surfaces are wrong; use the FinanzNeo colour roles below.

NO TYPOGRAPHY AS A SUBJECT
Never build a word, headline, phrase or number as a large sculpted 3D object.
German labels are small and printed, stamped, engraved, handwritten or hanging as a small tag ON or directly AT the object they describe.
A label must never be the largest or most prominent element in the frame.
Never invent extra text, form fields, table headers, addresses, brand names or placeholder copy on documents. A document shows only the label listed in this prompt plus plausible, unreadable, non-distracting print texture.

ENTERTAINING BUT ALWAYS EXPLAINING
The scene must be enjoyable to look at: real staging, a clear situation, one small telling detail or light exaggeration that makes the point land — an overflowing stack, a part caught mid-fall, a puddle, a drawer left open, an object leaning eagerly toward another.
The explanation always wins over the gag. If the playful detail makes the message less clear, drop it.
Never decorate. Every object in the frame either carries the situation or is removed.

BACKGROUND AND FRAMING
ONE deep seamless black world dominates the frame. A small believable local context around the subject is allowed when it makes the situation credible; it stays secondary and dissolves into the black. No bright room, no studio wall, no floor-wall boundary, no horizon line, no coloured background zones, no particle or glow decor.
Keep calm black breathing room along the TOP edge. The hero sits in the middle and lower two thirds of the frame, so a subheading can later be placed above the image. Nothing important touches the top edge.

LIGHT
Clean soft premium studio lighting: readable highlights, soft readable shadows, strong separation from the black, soft contact shadows, subtle grounded reflections.

COLOUR ROLES
Emerald green: reserve, solution, positive value. Warm red-orange: cost, loss, warning, debt, problem. Warm ivory and soft gray: neutral real objects. Subtle gold: money accent only. Deep black: the world.
Never force a colour onto an object whose meaning does not justify it. No rainbow palette, no neon cyberpunk, no excessive glow.

READABILITY
Horizontal 16:9. One clear main situation. Cause and effect readable in the same frame. Understandable in 1-2 seconds without audio. Hero objects large enough to read on mobile, laptop and TV. Useful negative space, never sterile. Foreground, midground and background depth where it helps.

HARD NO — ALWAYS
Photorealism or any frame mistakable for a real photograph. Stock-photo look. Product-advertisement render. Realistic human being.
Clay, plasticine, soap-bar, marzipan or bath-toy rendering. Featureless rounded blobs. Miniature toy town, toy houses, toy cars, tabletop diorama.
Any word, headline or number built as a large 3D sculpture. Invented text, fake form fields, fake table headers, fake addresses, placeholder copy such as `FinanzNeo V9`.
Safe, vault, strongbox, keyhole box, piggy bank, coin stack, coin pile, treasure chest, shield, upward arrow, glowing money ribbon, plant growing from money, green folder as a recurring motif.
Flat infographic or presentation slide. Dashboard or app UI. Website or app screenshot. Flowchart. Floating info cards.
Sci-fi hologram, cyberpunk neon, excessive glow. Sterile isolated product shot with no situation. Decorative props without meaning. Pasted flat logos. Long text inside the image.

HARD NO — THIS SCENE
Giant sculpted lettering, ribbon or wave sculpture, trading app, broker dashboard, software chart window, glowing data grid, stock-ticker wall, realistic office desk.
